All right, episode seven of the Lonnie
and Ryan podcast already and we have a
special guest today. We got John
Cincinnati Picker. How you doing, John?
>> Doing great, fellas. Appreciate you
having me on.
>> Of course. Good to see you. Well, I did
want to ask now that I have both of you
together, I want to ask you guys a
really important question. Okay.
>> Okay.
When is Guys Without Jobs coming back?
Take this job and shove it.
>> I ain't a working.
>> Have you gotten any of those comments
lately, John? Since doing that live,
Blonnie?
>> Always like it's I'm always getting
those comments. It seems like Yeah.
>> Um I have a question for both of you
guys.
>> Okay.
>> At what episode of this podcast did you
think you might eventually have me on?
like did you you know pie in the sky or
whatever thinking that I'd come on the
podcast because you were Lonnie acted
like it would be a a tall order.
>> We wanted to Well, at least I know
Lonnie wanted to from the first episode.
Is that right?
>> Yeah,
>> I think you mentioned it in the first
one or I can't remember.
>> Yeah, I I I don't know. probably
somewhere around I I don't you you know
it wasn't that I thought that I would
ask you to come on here and then you
would say no. It wasn't that at all. Um,
it was a matter of me thinking, okay, in
order for that to happen, first it would
involve me having to reach out to John
and establish some line of communication
and not just launch into, "Hey, John,
it's been a while. Want to be
>> want to come on our pod?"
>> Yeah.
>> So, I don't know. I I thought so. All
that to say, I'm I'm just I'm glad that
John actually reached out to me and took
that off off of my uh Yeah. off the
table for me, and that's what expedited
things. So, thanks for doing that, John.
>> Yeah, of course. And then we got the
awkward reunion out of the way on my
channel instead of yours.
>> It wasn't even that awkward, honestly.
>> No, I didn't think it was awkward at
all. Yeah.
>> No,
>> it was cool. But, um
>> excited. Uh, we've got we've got a big
event coming up, I guess, right? The
reseller rally.
>> Reseller rally.
Three years.
>> I got my tickets. I think Pam's coming
as well.
>> Awesome.
>> I'm going to Can I share I'm gonna share
the screen?
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. And John, I wanted to since I
mean, part of the reason you're here, of
course, is to promote this thing. Do you
still have tickets left for this thing?
Before we talk about it too much, we
still got some tickets. Yeah.
because I know um I know Pete made an
announcement the other day as well in
his video.
>> So
>> yeah, that was a that was a glowing
announcement on Pete's video. I was
really takenback by that. Yeah, because
I wasn't last I heard from you, we
weren't even 100% sure that Pete was
gonna go and then Pete announced that,
yeah, I'm going and he's going to be
there in full force with So, yeah,
>> the party is always more fun if Pete's
there. Like, there's there's just a way
around it.
>> Absolutely. So, did I don't know if you
watched our last episode or not, but Hot
Lunch Reselling
asked a really good question. And I'm
like, you know what? That's a really
good question. And if it's not apparent
from the the website here, then I'll
just ask John myself once he's here. So,
John, if somebody had no idea what a
reseller rally was and they and you're
trying to pitch them on it,
what the heck is a reseller rally?
Because he said the web web page doesn't
even say what the heck it is.
>> That's a fair point. Yeah. So, I would
say if you are a reseller and you want
to go have a good time and party with
fellow resellers, this is your chance to
do that
>> because this job that a lot of us either
do full-time or part-time is very
isolating. I'd say 99% maybe even more
than that of resellers are a oneperson
show. you know,
>> just somebody out there beating the
streets, hitting thrift stores and
garage sales and looking on their phone
and then listing. And I also venture to
guess that a lot of those people that
are doing it by themselves are watching
YouTube, you know, or some right
>> form of that community of YouTube,
either watching your guys' podcast,
watching Trash to Cash, watching Pete,
watching me, because
>> that really helps you feel like you're
part of something even though you're
just a oneperson show. And the rally
just takes that, you know, and
extrapolates it. That's that was Pete's
vision. I think Pete started this whole
thing in 2017. Got everybody to Chicago
and and there was uh proof in the
concept because people showed up, you
know, and we had an amazing time. And
shoot, the the Friday night, you know,
Lonnie remembers the Friday night
hanging at the the hotel bar, right?
>> Just cutting up with everybody was like,
"Okay, this is a good time. This is what
this is all about for sure.
>> Yep. I noticed this time you have like
the pre- rally networking event and I
was just reminded I remember
we went to the last one I went to I
think it was 2021.
>> Mhm.
>> Uh we ended up going to like we went to
this restaurant and then we literally
got kicked out. I can't remember exactly
what happened. Do you remember? Such a
mess. Remember that?
>> Such a mess. Um yeah, it was bad timing
because it was co and
>> right
>> um
they were they were operating much
differently than they usually operate.
But
>> essentially we knew a lot of people were
coming into town that Friday night and
we all wanted to hang out and and do
something.
>> So I picked a restaurant that has always
been very open and huge. We're talking
like five six thousand square square
feet. It's not just like a traditional
sit-down place. It's like a German place
and they have an outdoor area and
everything. And they had just closed all
that off and they were like being really
orderly with people and making you stay
in your seat. It was just very strange.
Very strange. So
>> because I remember we went in there and
we and everybody kind of sat down, but
nothing was happening. We were just
sitting there for like a half an hour.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And then
and then I remember you standing up. We
are kicked out and we all left.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, one thing about me, I'm not afraid
to embarrass myself or just, you know,
speak my peace even if it's in an
awkward situation. But like playing in
playing in one of these things is not
the easiest thing to do, especially
since that was like our first time.
>> That was my first time kind of taking it
over, you know, and having it in my city
and then add COVID on top of that.
Forget it.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, everywhere I call is like, you
want to have how many people in one
space? You want to do what? No, we're
not doing that. you want to have, okay,
you guys want to have a dinner? Okay,
give us $15,000, prepay the meals, and
you can have the room. It's like, okay,
we're not going to do that.
>> Yeah. Right.
>> So, yeah. So, the what we're doing the
pre- rally event is the same thing we
did in 23. So, we had to do it in 23
because in 21,
you guys will remember, we took over the
hotel bar and uh things got a little out
of hand, we'll say. Uh after that the
hotel is like you guys can't do that.
Like if you're going to have 100 plus
people, you got to rent a ballroom and
you know get appetizers and drinks and
everything. The way they do those
ballrooms is like we'll give you the
space but you got to guarantee you're
going to spend like you know four grand
plus on foods and drinks. So that's what
the ticket price covers is, you know,
you're going to get appetizers, drinks,
runup games, prizes, all that stuff. And
then we get use of the ballroom to like
hang out and do our own thing.
That's
>> and the drinks are free for the first
hour. Is that is that what you said it
was?
>> I think so. Um the people I'm talking
with now at Embassy Suites are different
than the former ones. So I got to figure
out exactly how we're going to do that.
I think they operated it a little bit
differently last time.
>> Um so yeah, we we'll get that figured
out, but there will be some free drinks
for sure.
>> And then the next night is the riverboat
function, right?
>> Yeah. Yep.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. And I've had a lot of people
already reach out like, "Do I have to go
to both? Can I go to one or the other?"
Like, they're standalone events. You
don't have to go to both, but we just
have so many people come in that Friday
night before that it just makes sense to
go ahead and do something.
>> Yeah. We we've already got our room
booked and um there do are you publicly
announcing like the the block of rooms
for the rally now?
>> Yeah. And it should be in the uh it
should be on the website if you go to
like I think it's FAQ maybe
there should be a thing on there for the
uh the hotel block of rooms. But yeah,
it's there's a site for it and
everything.
>> Oh yeah, there it is. Yep.
>> Okay, I see it right here. Okay,
>> the the page that they made was really
weird because when you go to it, you
can't just like click and book a room.
You got to click that visit the booking
page halfway down. It's almost like a
little bit of a maze. It's weird.
They made it they added unnecessary
extra steps to the process.
>> Okay, here's here's the page.
Book your room.
>> We can't see that if you're showing us.
>> Oh. Oh, I'm sorry.
>> I was just using my imagination.
>> My bad. Hang on. Let's see. Present.
Stop screen. Present. Sorry, y'all.
>> No, you're fine.
>> Uh,
this
is that it? Yeah. Here we go.
>> Yep.
>> Okay.
>> This is this is the page at at the
Hilton. Um,
a room block. book your room. Yeah.
Where do I actually click to visit the
booking page? Right here. Right.
>> Okay. Yep.
>> Okay. And then that's where you do it.
So, anyways, that we already got our
>> We got our room and travel and
everything squared away. So,
>> I'm excited though.
>> Really great hotel.
>> That place perfect for this kind of
setup because the lobby is massive. They
have a bar.
>> They've got multiple ballrooms. It's
It's a really good setup.
>> I'm excited. It'll be fun. I really like
Cincinnati last time I went. Really nice
city.
>> Yeah, we're underrated.
>> Yeah, definitely. I can see that.
>> Byola, but it's it's a good little city
for sure.
>> Yeah.
Well, you know, John, I wanted to um
kind of talk about now that we have you
here, wanted to talk about kind of your
history on uh YouTube.
And where you started? Look, I'm going
to do another screen share here.
>> We're gonna
>> When did you start YouTube, John? Do you
remember?
>> March 2017.
>> Wow. Okay.
>> Yeah. I was um I was running my Oh my
god, look at those. Those are terrible.
Isn't that so bad? Those are my first
videos. Yeah, it says eight years ago,
but that'll change over to nine years
ago here in like two weeks.
>> Wow.
Um, yeah, I was I was making videos on
anything and everything and I was
running my online auction. Look what I
found. I had started it at the beginning
of 2015, so I was a couple years into
that.
>> And
>> so, this was an online auction website.
>> Yeah.
>> Is that what it was? Okay.
>> Yeah. And those are getting it's getting
more and more popular. Um,
>> what used to be inperson auctions are
turning into online auctions now. A lot
of high bid or different
Look, this is an early video right here
of
John doing a warehouse tour.
>> Did you switch screens again?
>> Oh, you can't see that.
>> No.
>> I love that this podcast is just Lonnie
trying to do something with technology
and Ryan's like, "That's not how you do
it. It's not working." everything we
have on the website right now.
>> This is a warehouse tour that we did
like years ago.
>> Can we kind of break it up uh by item
number so you can see,
you know, 1 through 50?
>> So, how how how do you uh how do you
feel about that, man? Like it's been Was
that filmed with an iPhone 4?
>> Probably. Yeah, I used the iPhone for
like the first two years, I think, on my
channel. And even when I was going to
garage sales, I would just like hold a
phone to my side.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. It wasn't until Justin came along
that I was like, "Oh, I can strap a
GoPro to myself."
>> Yeah. He changed the game for sure.
>> Look at this.
>> That's when everything took off.
>> You have an You have a guy over here
taking photos for you. You have like a
real
>> How many employees did you have?
>> We had five. That's Andrew. Andrew's in
red doing the descriptions. Eric was
taking the photos on the table.
>> Yeah.
>> And I mean I I look back fondly on those
times. I loved that place. I loved
running my own business. Like we had a
really really great thing going. I ended
up selling it to Andrew in 2018
because we had the second baby coming
and we were fostering and I was working
like 70 plus hours a week and I'm like
something's got to change. Like I can't
>> Yeah.
>> I can't be working as much as I'm
working. So that's when I went back to
being a oneman show.
>> Is this um are are they still in
business as look what I found?
>> I think maybe a year ago he shut it
down. He ran it for a long time, but I
think I think he finally did shut it
down.
>> Okay. Okay.
>> Yeah, he kept it going for a pretty long
time.
>> Okay. Interesting. Because I remember
when I first met you, I was like uh I
was like, "Wow, this guy has employees.
He's got his huge warehouse."
And all I all I could ever think of is,
man, look at all this freaking overhead
this dude has.
>> Yep.
Ton of overhead. But I learned a lot
from it. I would I would do it all
again. And like the rent on that place
now is probably 5x what we paid. I mean,
we had 5,000 square feet and we were
paying like $800 a month or something.
Like it was
>> Wow.
>> Dirt. It was dirt cheap.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
>> And then I brought that reminded me of
another video. You remember this one?
I'm sure, huh, John? Wait, can you can't
see this one yet, huh? But hang on.
>> I have a feeling I know what this is
going to be.
>> No.
>> Oh, I was thinking it was going to be
something else. No,
>> I'm not gonna tell you what I thought it
was.
>> No, I know what you think it I know what
you thought it was. Probably that uh the
treehouse.
>> Treehouse
>> or the um I I'll I'll show that in a
little bit. But look, this is the time
that John bought it was 150,000 pieces
of media.
>> It might have been more than that. It
was like 50 50 plus pallets.
150,000 video games, DVDs, and CDs.
>> Yeah,
>> dude. Look at these pallets.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> And there was there was legit 50 of
them. It was crazy.
>> And you How did you move this stuff?
Through the auction website or were you
selling?
>> Um, no. I I didn't think it would go
through the auction website.
>> Okay.
>> Um, because of like how niche a lot of
it was.
>> That's Tony right there. Tony is so
funny. Um, so I hired like extra people
and we were sorting by video game and
type and all this stuff. And that was a
crash course in media. Like to this day,
I'm still finding media
>> that I learned about from that buy. Oh,
it was insane. It was hundreds of hours
of labor.
>> Where did you find this stuff? It was um
one of my customers that had a huge
warehouse, like multiple hundred
thousand square feet, and somebody moved
out and left all that stuff, so he just
needed to move it. And I'm like, the
price is right, so yeah, I'll buy it.
>> What did you pay for it? I forget.
>> Oh god, I'm trying to remember now. Um
>> I I remember at the time because you
were messaging me, you're like, "Hey
man, I've got an opportunity to buy."
And I'm like, "Oh my god." And like I'm
like, "I don't I don't remember what I
told you. It's been so long ago." But
I'm was it like five grand or something
like that. You
>> So I think it was like $100 a pallet or
something or a little under $100 a
pallet. And I knew like yes, the price
is right, but the money's in the work.
>> So how how how did you do on that?
>> I did really good. I did really good.
Um, I mean, I probably could have just
flipped them by the pallet and made, you
know, money.
>> Um, but I think
>> How long did it take you to
>> Only about four months through?
>> Only about four months. Yeah, because we
had a whole team going. Yeah.
>> Yeah, we went through it pretty quick.
And I was like selling, you know, 100
DVD box slots to like people at the flea
market and putting the the better stuff
on eBay and things like that.
>> So, you were selling a lot of it in
bulk. I guess you would have to. Yeah.
>> Oh, it it was insane how much stuff
there was.
>> Yeah.
>> But yeah, a lot of gems came out of
there. We found a ton of video games
worth like two, three, four, $500 plus.
I mean,
>> jeez.
>> And that's where I learned about the
Great Courses media.
>> What's that?
>> Uh Great Courses is a brand that does uh
DVDs, CDs, and books for almost any
uh topic. I mean they'll do like
religion history
>> and it's like a
professor teaching it and it's almost
like you're going to a college taking a
course because it comes with like a
course guide book DVD and a lot of that
stuff goes for pretty decent money um if
you find the right ones. Like I was at a
garage sale last year and a guy had like
500 pieces of great courses. I ended up
getting it all for I think like 150
bucks something like that. And that's
been like I don't know well over a
thousand dollars.
>> Wow.
>> So So that stuff still still sells for
you pretty good because like the last
>> depending on what it is. Yeah.
>> Okay. Okay. Because the last couple of
times I I've bought it, I was like I was
not so impressed with the comps. It's
like the some of those media markets
have moved a lot over just the past
>> two, three, four years, you know.
>> Oh yeah, absolutely they have. Yeah. It
depends on what you have. Some of the
stuff has a much higher sellrough rate.
Like when I bought all this stuff from
the garage sale, I just went through all
of it scanning and seeing what the
sellrough rate was and the comps. And
I'd say about half of it I didn't list
individually and half of it I did. So I
did like bulk lots of the stuff that
wasn't worth listing of like, you know,
80 pieces of great courses or whatever.
And those all sold pretty well.
>> Quick interruption. We want to thank you
for your continued support of the Lonnie
and Ryan podcast.
>> This coming Monday, February 23rd, at
700 p.m. Eastern, we're really excited
about our first inner circle live stream
with you guys. All the members of the
Lonnie and Ryan podcast, Inner Circle,
that's a mouthful.
>> All you have to do to become a member of
the Inner Circle is hit join down below.
>> Back to the show. So, so John, what kind
of space are you in right now?
>> So, I've got an office warehouse. Um,
I've actually rented from this place
before, like probably
guess it's been about six years ago, 7
years ago when I first rented from this
place. Uh, it's about 700 square f feet.
It's half office, half warehouse. So, in
this portion, I'm doing all my pictures
and listings and editing my YouTube
video and uh you know, cleaning the
stuff before I list it. And then in the
warehouse, I store all the listed stuff.
And then there's a big garage door back
there so I can pull around and unload my
car.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. You've got 700 square feet in that
office area there that you're in right
now.
>> Dude, that's pretty good size.
>> Yeah. Yeah. This office part is maybe
300 and then the warehouse is 400.
>> Oh, okay. So, you mean all
>> Yeah. total 700 ft.
>> Okay. Gotcha. Because I'm trying to
>> Okay. So, that your office space there
is probably about the same size as this
shed I'm in right now,
>> probably. Yeah, I'd say so. Maybe a
little bit smaller.
>> Okay.
>> But, yeah, it's it's I mean, it's
perfect for me. I don't need a ton of
storage space. I like to move stuff
fast.
>> I do not like hanging on to stuff like,
you know, I'm definitely the fast nickel
over the slow dime.
>> So, does that mean that you're um are
you doing like any live selling or
anything like that these days?
>> Um I'm doing whatnot. I've gotten back
into selling some baseball cards on
whatnot. Um I'm probably doing like five
shows a month right now.
>> Nice.
>> I remember you doing that back
a while back. Did you stop for a while
and then go back to it or have you
>> Yeah, I quit for a while because the the
card uh whole like thing with cards was
shifting a lot around like 2022 or so.
Like it seemed like the the panini and a
lot of the and tops were like flooding
the market with like new products and I
was having a harder time running breaks
and I'm like I better just get selling
singles. But it was cool cuz I never
was, you know, that deeply invested in a
ton of product. Like I could always flip
it fast and move it. So yeah, it's fun.
I like the live selling.
>> So when you do one of those shows, like
what what's your average show like as
far as how many people are in the
audience like watching whenever you're
doing one of these?
>> I'd say 30.
>> Okay. Um, and I'd say about
anywhere from five to 10 of those are
viewers and then everybody else is
>> random buyers because I get little
notifications of like first- time
purchase, you know.
>> Oh, y
>> so they don't know anything about my
channel because like somebody will leave
a comment like I love your video and
like or love your channel and they're
like channel like what are you talking
about?
>> So,
huh.
>> Speaking of cards, did you guys see
today that the world record was broken
for like the uh highest
value paid for a any sort of card ever.
It's not a sports card. It's a Pokemon
card.
>> So, Pokemon card broke the Honus Wagner
record.
>> It sold for Well, when I tell you the
the reason, you'll be like, "Oh, Jake
Paul's
>> card." Yeah,
>> I knew I knew he had I knew he had
>> 16 million. 16 million.
>> He sold the card, Ryan.
>> Yeah. I think he bought it for five a
few years back and he just sold it for
16.
>> Of course.
>> That's insane.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
>> Of of course he was involved.
>> But
>> I always roll my eyes when I see how
much people spend on cards. Baseball is
especially bad because these prospects
get hyped before they even debut and
their cards go for crazy money
>> and then they it it almost never works
out to where they live up to the to that
hype.
>> It's funny. I still have I still have uh
that Ryan McKenna. It's I'm looking at
it. It's on my shelf over there. The
Ryan McKenna card that you sent me years
ago.
>> I remember that. Yeah. Went to high
school with him and I found the card. I
was like, "Oh, I got to send this to
Ryan."
>> Yeah. He he made it to the big show,
man. He had a couple years.
>> Yeah.
>> He bounced around a little bit at the
end. I think he's done now. But
>> did he retire?
>> I think so. Yeah. Yeah. He got traded to
uh he got traded to San Fran, I think.
And then I think the Phillies signed him
to a minor league deal after that. And
then and then he just retired. So
yeah, pretty crazy.
Sorry, honey. Were you gonna say
something? I cut you off there.
>> What? I I think my internet Am I coming
through? Okay. Because my
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Okay. Making sure
>> through staggered, but I can hear you
fine.
>> Okay.
>> We're good.
>> All right. Okay. Um
>> what were you talking about? Sorry.
Cards.
>> Oh, yeah. That's what I wanted to ask
you about. you you mentioned uh like so
whenever you sell on whatnot and you're
selling cards, is that typically are you
typically like a breaker? Is that what
you are?
>> I used to break a long time ago. When I
first got started, I was breaking, but
I'm not anymore. I'm just selling
singles.
>> Okay. So, when you were breaking though,
is that where you would take like a
fresh
like case of cards or box of cards and
then sell shares in it basically? Is
that
>> Yeah, there's a lot of different ways to
do it. The way I did it was um the
winning bidder would get a team and it
was like a randomizer where it would
>> uh you know select a team for them and I
pretty much only did baseball. I might
have done some football but I was mostly
doing baseball. So somebody would get
like the Colorado Rockies or something
and then all the cards that come out of
there from the Rockies would go to that.
>> Okay. So any
>> sense
>> any player for the Rockies that would be
theirs.
>> Yeah. Yeah. People do it now where
they'll sell off a player like they'll
say, "All right, we're going to open a
case and you're going to get every Ryan
McKenna card."
>> Wow.
>> Like they'll they'll go that, you know,
detailed with it. They'll sell
individual players and then for
basketball people just pay through the
roof for the Cooper flag spot. You know,
they'll get every Cooper flag card that
gets pulled.
Okay. I I that's that's really complex
then. I don't like that's
>> it's gambling. I mean there's there's no
>> are the players
>> are the players guaranteed to be in
there or No.
>> No. No. There's no guarantee.
>> Yeah. Breakers do not use the G word. A
matter of fact, uh one of them, one of
the big ones, because I follow the big
card guys on YouTube. One of the big
ones kind of got in trouble a little
bit. His name's uh Pac-Man cards and he
makes really great videos. He'll have a
video of like, you know, I spent $20,000
on cards and then he rips them. And it's
fun to watch because you don't have to
spend the 20 grand. Like you just watch
him lose all his money because you
almost never get money back on these
cards when you rip them.
>> And he did a break and he was trying to
sell spots for like a,000 2,000 a piece.
Like he wasn't starting them at a
dollar. It was multiple thousands of
dollars. And he's like, "You're
guaranteed to make this, that, or the
other." And then like everybody blasted
him like, "Dude, you can't you can't be
making these empty promises to people."
>> Do you you collect cards, right?
>> I do.
>> You collect them or you just sell them?
What's What's like the craziest poll
you've ever gotten for yourself that you
>> um
>> I haven't ripped a ton for myself. I buy
a lot of singles.
>> I did pull a 101 Jonathan India on a
break that we did many years ago, but
that was that was for somebody that was
buying in a spot. Wasn't for me.
>> Wow. Um, I did pull a Mike Trout auto um
maybe three or four years ago.
>> Yeah, that was probably my best personal
rip pull.
>> So, I like cards, but I've never really
gotten into them. I I would only care if
they're autographed because I that's one
thing I do collect is autographs.
>> Okay. What's your uh favorite autograph
in your collection?
>> Good question.
H
I've got Well, I've got a Roger Clemens
uh signed baseball that I found at a
garage sale.
>> Oh, that's awesome.
>> Yeah, that's probably one of my
favorites.
Uh I don't know right off hand.
>> That one looks the coolest because it's
in a case and everything.
>> So So when when you do when you do
breaks
>> Oh, you right there.
>> Oh yeah,
>> that's probably my favorite actually.
Yeah, Post Malone.
So, so when you do the breaks,
like what what's the best what's the
best you've ever done? So, you don't do
breaks anymore, right?
>> No, it's been years.
>> So, what what is the best you've ever
done? Like, so you would buy where where
would you obtain cases from?
>> I wouldn't buy a whole case. So, I would
go to my local card shop or uh like a
local retail store and buy boxes.
Usually I would mix it up like five or
six different varieties
um and kind of do it like that.
But some some some breaks I would make
decent money and then some I would lose.
Like it was it was a gamble for me just
as much as it was for them because
>> I started I I always believe in auctions
like low price auctions.
>> Like I wanted people to come into my
break and have a chance to get something
cheap. Like I just like any business
like you want to differentiate yourself
and you want to make it unique to the
buyer and have them have a good
experience. So I would start everything
at a dollar. So like I'd have, you know,
$400 or $500 worth of cards. I'd start
every spot, you know, there'd be 30
spots or 32 spots if I was doing MLB or
NFL. Start it all at a dollar.
>> And sometimes it would go more,
sometimes it go less.
>> Okay.
Did you ever sell just like regular
stuff on whatnot or just like strictly
cards?
>> I think the only stuff besides cards I
ever did was Funko Pops. Um I bought a
number of Funko Pop collections over the
years and I would sell them on there and
I would do pretty good. Um I don't love
the idea of selling just random stuff on
whatnot.
Um I don't know. I just can't I can't
get on board with it personally for like
the way I like to run my things. Like
cards are one thing. Cards are small. I
can do them quickly and when I go to
ship them the next day, it's not going
to take me a long time.
>> If I'm running an hour or whatnot show
and I'm selling 30 or 40 items and
they're bigger, bulkier than a card.
That's I mean, you can double or triple
the time for shipping and it just kind
of throws me off a little bit. Plus,
it's like who am I selling it to? you
know, the successful whatnoters
really do well with like selling a
niche, you know, like you're into comic
books or you're into shoes or you're
into clothing or whatever, and you have
people come back and you're building
that audience based off that one thing.
And I don't want to have my audience
just be my viewers from my YouTube
coming to just buy a thing, to buy a
thing from me. Like, that's just my
personal thing. Like I'd rather have a
sustainable
uh model where I'm selling to people
outside of my own reach. Like I'm
getting people from the app that'll come
back and buy from me.
>> Makes sense.
>> The method of selling I've always
thought was interesting. We still
haven't done whatnot. We may never do
it. I don't know. Right. I don't think
we probably will. I I kind of entertain
maybe doing it this year, but I think
I've kind of talked myself out of it.
But I can see like, dude, just somebody
opening up a storage unit they just
bought and then turning the turning
whatnot on and then just start holding
the stuff up as soon as
>> Oh, that would be that would be fun.
>> You know what I mean? Like
>> anybody want this? Anybody want like you
can literally sell like that, right?
>> You could. Yeah, for sure. It would be a
little tricky figuring out the shipping
because you have to make sure you charge
them the right way. Like if the shipping
or whatnot's different than eBay.
>> So you gota like
>> exactly how how does the shipping work?
>> You go in and you manually add an item.
So let's say I've got these Under Armour
shorts.
>> I would, you know, type in Under Armour
shorts and then it's going to give you
options for the weight. So you got to
guess, you got to know the weight before
you even box it up. And you got to be
pretty much right on otherwise they're
going to charge you the difference. So
then you're, you know, for these I
probably put in, I don't know, like 12
to 14 ounces or something like that.
They'll give you that little window,
>> okay,
>> of what it's going to be.
But yeah, I've seen people do that. I've
seen there's a lot of athletes that go
on there now and they'll be signing
stuff in real time. Like they'll have a
stack of jerseys and shoes and hats and
they're just
>> they're right there signing it and then
they just sell it off. It's really cool.
>> It's super cool.
>> I saw Mr. Beast just did a a a uh
>> Oh, yeah. That's right. He did. I didn't
see it, but
>> sure.
>> I saw he was on there.
>> Have you guys heard of uh Mr. Buys a
Lot?
>> I think so.
>> Yeah, he's I don't know if he's still
making YouTube videos or not, but he
made YouTube videos for a while, but
he's still on whatnot. And he's got this
big warehouse where he'll randomly grab
a box and start pulling stuff out.
>> Really?
>> I remember he had a massive warehouse.
Yeah.
>> Yeah,
>> man. And I haven't heard I haven't heard
that name in
over five years. I mean, you you
literally like just like took me back. I
was like, Mr. Buys a lot. What? I'm
like, oh, that guy. I remember now.
>> He was at the 21 rally.
>> Yeah,
>> he was there.
>> Oh,
>> yeah. I remember.
>> I do remember that. That's right.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Mr. Bisel, did you bought from him
before, didn't you?
I know. There were some other people
that did. I think during
>> I don't think I ended up buying from
him. I know he had some stuff, but I
didn't go in on the deal. I think
somebody else ended up buying it from
him. He's got a really interesting
setup. Like he he buys insane amounts of
stuff and then mostly moves bulk to
resellers.
>> Oh, okay.
>> I don't think he does a lot of eBay.
>> Okay.
So he Okay. So he he flips it directly
to other
resellers like you or I or somebody. Is
that what you're
>> From how I remember? Yes. I mean it's
been years since I've talked about his
setup. Um and I was going to find whatot
to show you. Yeah. He he might be doing
more. Now I was just on the app randomly
the other day and I saw him on there and
I was like, "Oh my god." Let's see.
Yeah, Mr. Buys a lot. He's got 18,000
followers.
and uh
see if he's got any shows coming up.
Yeah, so he's got a show tomorrow at
noon. It says live unboxing from the
warehouse and it says storage unit
finds. One of the categories of whatnot
is storage unit finds. So Lonnie, you
can get on there and just watch people
selling from their storage unit.
>> Uh yeah, Mr. Buys a lot right there.
>> Okay. Huh.
>> That that that is cool. Well, I mean,
I I don't know if it's for me in
general, but I can definitely see
I can definitely see somebody that gets
like buys a lot like storage units or
other methods. That's that's what I
always want worry about is like
>> we don't really source that much bulk,
you know, although I guess we could if
we changed the way we sold.
>> I don't know.
>> Yeah, you gota have an avenue for it.
Yeah, whatnot's really changed the game
when it comes to reselling, hasn't it?
>> Yeah, a lot of people wrote it off. Oh,
sorry. Go ahead.
>> Yeah, myself included. I remember, you
know, I kind of trash talked it back in
the day, but uh when I I remember when
it first came out, I thought it was
going to just be like a fad. I didn't
think it would grow into what, you know,
it is today. And it's really it's really
become a big thing. I mean, if you got
Mr. Beast going on your platform, then I
think you're doing something right. So,
>> yeah, you weren't you weren't alone. and
you know criticizing it. I think a lot
of people are like, "Yeah, this is Even
Pete. Pete is like, "This is gonna be
done in a year." And now what's Pete
doing? What's Pete?
>> Right. Right.
>> Pete's on district.
>> Right.
>> Have you seen his
>> He'll He'll simoc cast.
>> He'll simoc he'll go on District and
he'll go live on YouTube and he'll simoc
cast his auction.
>> Okay. Huh.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. like and it's like since
whatn not took off eBay district um
Facebook there's been like five or six
different platforms that have jumped
onto this live streaming thing and it's
it's kind of genius because you don't
have to buy like it's a form of
entertainment it's a form of free
entertainment
>> you know if like there's a lot of people
I follow that I just like seeing what
they're selling I like how they run
their shows it's really interactive and
I don't have to buy anything like I'm
just I'm just kind of tuning into the
show and it it's a totally different
experience than just going on and
clicking a button and buying a product.
>> So So where are you selling right now,
John? Are you pretty much selling on
eBay? Are you selling other places too
mostly or what?
>> Um I'd say I'm doing
90% eBay, 1% Facebook Marketplace, and
9% through a local auction. And I've
been selling through the local auction
for a long time. So like if I get a big
buy and there's a lot of bulk or there's
things that just don't make sense for
eBay, like I take it to my guy, he puts
it up for auction. He gets awesome
prices for the stuff. So it's just a
really good extra revenue stream.
>> So is that like the place you that's
like your old business then, right? Same
thing.
>> Yep.
>> And and it runs online like yours did,
like the auctions online.
>> Yep. Yeah. He actually uh he and I went
to lunch in 2016
and he was picking my brain about
starting his business.
>> So I was running look what I found and
he was like yeah I want to run my own
thing and I was like kind of telling him
how I started mine and now he's doing
his and he does it on a platform called
high bid.
>> High bid is essentially like the eBay of
local auctioneers.
So, like if there's an estate auction or
whatever that your company is contracted
to sell, H High Bid has all the software
and it's actually really userfriendly
and you just put the pictures on there,
you have the dates and then you start
the the bid times. You can set reserves,
like the whole thing. It's pretty cool.
>> Yeah, I I've been on that site a few
times. It is cool.
>> So, what kind of prices do you get
there, John? Like like G give me some
examples of some things you sold there
recently, just so I can kind of get some
idea. Um, here I'll tell you firsthand.
I'll go into the app and
they have a watch list and then it even
has like the previous
items that you've watched.
So, one thing I've sold on there a lot
is uh perfume samples. So, I guess
>> Oh, that's funny you It's funny you
bring that up.
>> Yeah. Did you buy some?
>> Yeah, we we just bought um like our our
last thumbnail.
Hang on. I'll
guess I'll guess I'll
>> This was a mega score. Well, I think
that's that was actually your title,
wasn't it?
>> Yeah, it Well, it it that might be a
little bit of an overstatement, but I
don't
>> Well, what did you pay for everything?
>> We paid $220.
Look, John. Um, wait, hang on.
>> Good morning.
>> Sorry, y'all. Trying to
>> Oh, yeah. 220 right in the thumb.
Yeah, just this last video there,
>> you see that?
>> Crap. Yeah,
>> that's a bunch of perfume samples. They
come in um they come in these bricks and
they'll have we call them bricks like
we're, you know, dealing with like
narcotics or something like that.
>> Yeah.
>> But and and each one of the bricks has
like 12 or 16 samples in it. Is that
what you're talking about? Something
like that.
>> One sec. I'll show you.
>> Okay. Yeah. I've got a brick over here I
can show as well.
>> Big old brick
over there somewhere. Yeah. Look. Here
we go. Got some bricks right here.
>> Yeah. Brick.
>> Oh yeah. You got bricks.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, I did a perfume buy a
year ago and um
it all belonged to a woman who was a
dealer and it was like
>> thousands of like full bottles and then
tens of thousands of these and I paid
5,000. I bought everything
>> and I noticed that the bottles are doing
a lot better selling than some of the
samples were. And I was like, you know
what? I'm going to run the samples
through my local auction just because it
seemed like the sell through rate for a
lot of them wasn't as good and they were
doing great through the auction and I
was moving a lot at once because I had
listed some and they weren't moving. I'm
like I'm just going to see what happens
and they were doing awesome. So now I
just bring two or three boxes to him.
>> Wait,
>> you know, every
how many do you how many do you had
10,000 of those bricks?
>> Um no, I'm 10,000 like individual of
these like samples probably. I mean, I I
had I had to rent a box truck to get it
all out. It was that much perfume.
>> So, you probably had a couple thousand
bricks, though.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
Crazy.
>> That's insane.
>> I still have hundreds of them. I still
have hundreds of these things.
>> We priced we we priced ours at um
actually I shipped a bunch I think I
shipped about four bricks this morning.
>> Nice. We price ours at 20 to $30 a
brick.
And then we have one scent that is like
hard to come by, discontinued, whatever.
We're pricing that one at 20 per sample.
So, and then we get
>> we have I think um 16 samples per brick
and we got 14 bricks of it. So, you
start doing the math on that.
>> Yeah.
And if it comes through, like you don't
know until it actually happens, but if
it comes through, we could be talking
about a bunch of money here.
>> Do you know the the listed dollar amount
off hand?
>> Oh, yeah, I do.
>> Of everything?
>> Yeah. This all the stuff we bought,
we listed for $3,495.
>> Oh my god.
>> Not a bad return.
>> And we and we took uh it took us less
than an hour to list it all.
Holy crap. Where did you find it?
>> Garage sale
>> in February.
>> Yeah, last uh last Friday.
>> We went to a couple of garage sales and
they had like they had a bunch of
perfume and then they had a whole bunch
of bricks of uh samples and
>> awesome. We we bought a bunch of uh
perfume last year
from the lady was a buyer for like
Macy's and somebody else and she had
like a just a ton of samples and uh you
know the tester bottles. I'm sure you're
familiar with those too.
>> Yeah,
>> I had a few of those get uh flagged by
Eve St. Laurent, the testers. M
>> but um dude I I don't know if there's a
better market than perfume.
>> Yeah.
>> Than fragrances. I I think it might be
the best.
>> Yeah. Unfortunately, a lot of it gets
faked. A buddy of mine made a buy two
years ago and there was just so much
fake stuff at it. He was he was pretty
>> mad about that.
>> Do you think there's much chance of
samples being faked? I think it would be
less likely for samples. very unlikely
for samples to be faked. Not impossible,
but yeah. I don't know.
>> No.
So, so how many of those do you have
left? And how many like are they hard
are they hard to move or something for
you?
>> No, not really. But what I do is I don't
want to flood my guy's auction. Like if
I I could bring him a whole car load and
it would be like 30 to 50 listings of
huge lots of perfume, but if there's
only like five people bidding on the
stuff, then I'm just shooting myself in
the foot. So, I usually don't bring them
any more than like four boxes at a time.
>> Do Do you list them on eBay as well?
>> I did with some, but they weren't moving
super fast for me. And then I had a
couple uh
>> couple of the buyers were saying like
it's not a full bottle. Like, it's it
has the amount of milliliters that's
listed on the thing. Like, this is this
is a vial. There's this much in it. Just
because the vial isn't completely full
doesn't mean there's not, you know, 0.05
05 milliliters in in the vial. So like
it was like this is more trouble than
it's worth. So I just started taking it
through uh Justin stuff because I mean
like it's all sealed up like these you
know use you know how it is. These are
bricks,
>> right?
>> Like I haven't used any of this stuff.
So yeah, some of the messages I was
getting like I'm not not doing it.
>> Not worth the hassle.
>> Yeah. I hope that doesn't happen to you.
I get weird eBay buyers, man. I get some
weird ones.
>> Oh no. I I get them too for sure. Uh,
and the perfume people can definitely be
a little more particular than some of
the others.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I've had a few full bottle
sales where they're like, "This is
expired. It smells terrible." Blah blah
blah blah. I'm like, "Here's your money.
>> Just have a nice day.
>> I'll take it."
>> And then also now, uh, eBay has really
gotten bad about like automatically like
like calling legit product fake. And I'm
sure you've been through a lot of that.
>> And it's really hard in the perfume
category because they're like they they
used to let people kind of slide selling
used perfume
in the collectible bottle category and
now they're like really cracking down.
They're taking everything down.
>> Uh a lot of like
>> Do you think do you think they have like
a person actually looking at that stuff
or do you think it's some sort of AI?
>> AI.
>> I think AI. Yeah. That would explain why
they're taking down real stuff, I guess,
right?
>> Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And it's Dude,
it's it's the worst.
>> That's that's one thing that I I really
don't like um about AI is when they just
let
>> these companies let these these bots run
rampant in their user base. It's like
>> they work so hard to get these customers
>> and then they're going to let this these
bots just like make these willy-nilly
decisions that like really piss people
off, you know? Getting sick of it.
>> Maybe they figure the offset is better
than paying somebody's salary,
I guess.
>> I guess I guess so. But I mean,
>> it's crazy.
I've had that problem with uh Tik Tok.
I've I've told you about that. Uh,
Lonnie and Tik Tok was taking down
>> they weren't taking down
well they weren't taking down the videos
but they were taking away my
monetization on certain videos that um
didn't need to be taken away. They cuz
like on Tik Tok if your video is a a
paid advertisement like you're you know
you're in a deal with a company or
something you're supposed to disclose
that and then it it's not eligible to be
monetized. Um, so I was I posted
multiple videos of like
not paid advertised content and they've
ripped away my monetization just based
on like things I've said. I think I
think because it just goes by the
transcript of your video,
>> right?
>> And like, you know, because I do food
content at the end of the video, I'll
say something like, "Oh, you need to get
over there and try these today." Or
something like that. And uh they take
that as oh I'm being paid to promote a
product or something and I'm not. And
every single appeal that I've done
because you can appeal it. Every appeal
every appeal that I've done it's been
like you know given back to me or
whatever. But
>> even a human seeing it.
>> What's that?
>> Do you think it's a human seeing it when
you finally when you appeal?
>> I don't think so because it's it's
usually within like 10 minutes that the
appeal is approved. Yeah. So,
I don't know. It's crazy though. It's
really annoying. It hasn't happened to
me for like a little while, but it was
happening to me a lot for
for a good period there.
>> Are you doing any uh reselling content
still?
>> No, I haven't been doing any reselling
content, but I'd like to I I am planning
on getting back into a little bit of it.
Um, I've got I've got a few videos that
I haven't released. So, I'll be getting
them out probably this year leading up
to the rally, something like that.
>> That's a question we we've actually
gotten uh quite a bit in the comments,
Ryan, if you want to uh we'll put you on
the hot seat here.
>> What's that?
>> Is it true that Ryan that uh that crazy
Ryan Crazy Dreamers isn't even a
reseller?
>> Um, is this true? Well, define define a
reseller, I guess.
>> Okay. A reseller is someone that buys
things
and with the intention of selling it for
a profit there. That's it. Do you do
that or not?
>> I do. I still sell on eBay. Not a lot,
but I do. I still have listings up. My
store is very much active and I do sell.
Yeah.
>> How How many items have you sold in like
the last uh 90 days? I guess.
>> Oh. Uh, let me look.
>> Pitchfork Mob's going to be coming for
you in the comments, Ryan.
>> That's fine. They can come right come
right for me. Uh, last 90 days, 20.
>> Oh, that's a lot.
>> It's a ton. Yeah, that's like full-time
basically.
>> Yeah. Well, it's definitely It's
definitely healthy part-timer anyways.
>> Yeah. Well, I mean, I could do better,
but I don't list I don't really list
much. So,
>> yeah. Okay.
>> Yeah. I think it's funny how the comment
the comment warriors always go after
people because like they've they've made
up this weird thing in their minds of
like, you know, what they think a
reseller is supposed to look like and
they be like,
>> "Right,
>> oh, you don't do it like this. You don't
do it like that." It's like there are a
million different ways to do this thing.
>> Well, that's why I said define reseller.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm just glad that there that I don't
have to just do one thing. I would get
bored out of like just being a reseller.
I think I would get really bored if I
didn't do all the YouTube stuff on the
side,
>> you know.
>> Um
>> keeps things fresh.
>> Oh, it does, man. And there's no reason
like there's no like if you're
self-employed, there's no reason you
can't do five,
six, seven different things if you want.
You can do whatever you want.
>> Side hustles on side hustles. But it it
there are there are some people that
have an idea of what a reseller is
supposed to look like. And for sure
the any of the like YouTube resellers
that have like any kind of substantial
audience at all does does having an
audience does having revenue, you know,
uh social media as a one of your revenue
streams, does that impact
>> you as a reseller? Of course it does,
right? Like like it's going to
>> I I would say probably John, you're it
probably doesn't impact you as much as
it does some other people. Like I I you
don't you still don't spend that much
time on it, do you
>> on YouTube?
>> Yeah. How much time think you spend a
week? Well, I started up the flipper
channel because for years I was having
>> people ask to like bring back the what's
sold videos and I stopped doing them
because they were hurting my channel.
Like, you know, I I would get lower
views and then my garage sale videos
would get lower views because I posted
an eBay video, like confusing the
algorithm.
>> So, I started doing that again. So, now
that I'm juggling the two channels, I
spend a little bit more time on it. But,
I don't do any shorts. Like, I don't
mess with Facebook. I don't mess with
Tik Tok in I don't have an Instagram.
Like I don't do any of that stuff. So I
just do the YouTube content.
>> H Okay.
>> Yeah. Okay. Look, I'll share it now. I'm
uh Ryan, I'm trying to share screen
here. So I forgot that that's one of the
ones I wanted to talk about. So yeah,
this is your other channel right here.
>> Oh, okay. I didn't know you had this.
>> Yeah, I
>> gotta go subscribe. Yeah. Look, you got
four 4,000 subs.
And what is this? A momentum board
you're pointing to here? What what do
you what do you got going on here?
>> Wow.
>> And and what what is your goal? This is
uh from today it looks like. What what
was your goal on your momentum board,
John?
>> Um I do a listing goal. It's I do a
number of listings goal instead of a
dollar amount. So I think my goal for
January was like 200 and I only did 124.
And in the video, I talk about like how
low my listings have been and how low my
sales have been. And I really dig into
like just being transparent and the fact
that reselling is not all, you know,
unicorns and rainbows and that it just
really es and flows a lot. And
>> you know, that's why I titled it like
most YouTube resellers don't talk about
it. Like a lot of YouTube resellers want
to make it to be like you're just going
to get rich all the time and it's going
to be quick and easy, you know, and they
don't they don't show the warts
reselling the reality of it.
>> This is uh it looks like you're doing
pretty good here on your uh
on your second channel. Let's see.
>> Yeah, it's not bad. It's fun. I like,
you know, it's uh I get to interact with
people differently than my other stuff,
you know, because my garage show videos,
>> I'm mostly just interacting with the
people at the sale. That one right
there, that best offers on eBay, I'm
holding a World War II kite that sold.
>> That yellow thing.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That's a World War II kite.
>> You know what this kind of reminds me
of, John? It reminds me of
It reminds me of my second channel.
>> Yep.
>> Right here. This
>> You don't even know the name of it. You
typed I'm going to pack it up. It's
>> I'm gonna pack it up.
>> He's gonna quit. This just in. Lonnie is
quitting YouTube.
>> I'm I'm gonna pack it right here. And
look, our the the views we get on this
are are fairly similar to the kind of
views you're getting on your second
channel right now. Yeah, those you got
long form, though. Look at that. Hour,
hour and a half.
>> Yeah,
>> that's cool. I like that setup, by the
way, where you just put a camera on the
wall
>> and you know you're your hands free.
Like I'm I'm still doing the thing where
I'm holding the camera and just showing
everything with one hand.
>> Th this has been um
doing there two things that I've really
enjoyed lately. Number one is this
podcast we're doing uh right here.
This has been very rewarding. And
stop this. And the other thing um I've
really been enjoying as far as YouTube
goes is I'm going to pack it because
>> it's basically like
uh Candace and I turn on the camera and
basically Candace and I do a podcast
every day,
>> right?
>> Wow. And like we get to tell we we have
the freedom because yeah it's about
packing. The packing is happening on the
on the bench. I'm doing it. But very
rarely at this point do we even talk
about it and I'm just telling stories or
we're talking about something that
happened last night or or whatever we
want. So it's almost like two shows
going on simultaneously. Bas, you know,
if somebody really is wants to know what
how I pack this thing, they can watch at
their eyeballs or they can listen, you
know. So, I I I I love it, man. I'm I'm
in like a really comfortable spot right
now.
>> What's your editing process for those
videos?
Um,
basically on those
I film I try and keep them in line
because we film like our normal vlog
from the shed every day, right? And then
that same day on the same memory card,
we film the packing channel video. And
so whenever I edit the vlog,
I'll take I'll make all thumbnails for
the sale for the orders we pull and
stuff. And then the next day I'll edit
the packing video. I'll still have those
thumbnails. I could drag them.
>> So I do drag them into the timeline
because I've already got them anyways.
And then um basically I just play the
clips back uh during editing at double
speed.
I hit L and then it plays them back at
double speed. So if if I've got an hour
runtime of footage, it takes me about 30
minutes to edit on those. It's not too
bad.
>> No, it's not it's not that bad.
>> But uh yeah, it's uh
I I feel like um I feel like that's a
more personal channel for me because
like we really we're we really feel uh
free to talk about anything there, you
know?
>> Yeah, that's the thing. The viewers can
really get an insight into
>> like the more personal side of you
versus what like you're talking about in
the shed or like what sold during the
day. This is more of like you and
Candace hanging out and having a
conversation and kind of it's it's a
view into like the shed when the
camera's off almost, you know,
>> behind the scenes.
>> Behind the scenes.
>> It it that's exactly what it is. And it
it seems like more and more people are
kind of digging it. It seems like you're
kind of seems like you're getting a
pretty good response to yours, too,
John. And those are um those videos are
certainly more personal, right, than
like your garage sale videos.
>> Yeah, I um I I broach subjects on that
channel that I don't talk about with,
you know, the garage sale videos because
most of the garage sale video watchers
are regular folk that are not reselling
at all.
>> Like they don't care how much sell for
generally. They want the interaction.
They want the weird negotiation,
>> you know?
Um, but the flipper channel is pretty
much all resellers. So, I'll I'll tackle
some subjects like if I see some uh
malfeasants going on on YouTube or you
know something weird happening, people
taking advantage, I I call it out.
>> So, so what's the latest malfeasants you
you've seen on YouTube, John?
>> There was something a few months ago
where somebody was getting into some
drama with somebody else and I'm just
like, guys, listen, okay? I'm a
grandfather in this YouTube community.
I've seen all this crap time and time
again.
>> No. Who was it? I want names.
>> No, you don't want to do that.
>> Come on.
>> Oh, man.
>> No. No.
>> Well, okay. Let Let me ask you this. Do
Do you get uh do you have Do you sell on
Poshmark?
>> No. I think I tried once.
>> Oh, boy.
>> And after like a week, I'm like, I'm not
doing that. I think I maybe listed one
thing. I know what you're going to talk
about. the boxes.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. You gotta You gotta tell You gotta
tell your viewers that Lonnie is
scamming Poshmark.
>> Oh, I don't care. That's not the
malfeasants I'm talking about. I'm
talking about people trying to take
advantage of resellers. Like, oh, if you
give me $1,000 for this course, you're
going to make X amount of money.
>> Wait, wait. Who Who says that? Who does
that? Who I need names.
>> You can go on the Google machine and
figure it out.
>> Is that still going? Is that still going
on? Come on, man. I mean, back in the
day, it was the green room and now it's
like something else. Like, it's all
these different multiple iterations that
we've seen of,
>> you know, places making these empty
promises and trying to take money from
global resellers. Look at Lonnie. His
eyes are sparkling because he knows that
there's like a thumbnail that he's going
to pull out of this.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Cincinnati bigger calls out YouTube
malfins.
>> No, the green room. We got a name out of
you here. the green room.
>> Does he even exist anymore? They don't
exist anymore, do they?
>> Well, I know uh Raiken Raiken does
exist.
>> Okay.
>> He's alive. He still exists.
>> Who was the other guy? Bon Bonafide
Hustler. Was that the other guy?
>> Yeah, Bonafide.
>> Yeah,
>> Bonafide Hustler. I actually watch him
actually I always en
>> I always enjoyed his videos though. like
he's got um he's got videos like about
uh bicycles and RC cars and like other
hobby stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> And you know and yeah, he does the
muscle stuff too and all that. But yeah,
I kind of and he calls his uh car like
the time machine or something or the
space spaceship or something like that.
But no, those uh but yeah, the green
room. Um
>> yeah, that that hadn't been a thing for
a long time. I Yeah. Who? So there are
other things that are that are happening
like that still like courses and
>> I mean there's still Yeah, there's still
plenty of there I feel like death taxes
and scammers, you know, there's always
going to be somebody out there trying to
take your money and selling you empty
promises. Did Well, did you know that?
Um
I haven't watched his video. Um actually
Ryan showed it to me the other day.
>> Yeah. Rockstar Flipper doesn't make uh
reselling content anymore. Did you know
that?
>> Did not know that.
>> Yeah. He he put out a video something
about is it's an Did you watch the thing
yet, Ryan?
>> Um
pretty well. Yeah. pretty well I didn't
watch it in full but like I pretty much
got the premise of it.
>> Okay. So am I not mentioned in in it
anywhere? I probably
>> No no you're not in it. None of us are
in it or anything. No.
>> So I I imagine he probably
>> the people that you would expect he
talks about he talks about. I'll say
>> like Nicole State.
>> Yep.
>> Okay. And who else? Who who else does he
>> uh Well, he started out by like talking
positively about a bunch of people.
>> Okay. And then and then he talked, you
know, and then when he went into the
negative side, it was obviously Nicole
State. And I didn't watch much after
that, but
>> Okay.
>> Back in the day, Ryan, like 2017, 2018.
>> It was just this like revolving circle
of four or five YouTubers. Like one
would bash one and then they'd bash the
other and then they'd bash them and then
they would just over and over and over
and over and over and over again. It was
like this, it's stupid. So dumb.
Yeah.
>> I have a question for you, too. Are you
guys going to do some picking when
you're here in Cincinnati? Because I got
a spot for you.
>> You got you got a spot. What do you mean
by that?
>> So, I have a good friend named Josh. You
guys may have seen his place in some of
my videos. He goes by Mojo.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Wait, that guy?
>> Yeah. He is awesome. He and I have
become really good friends and we do a
ton of business together. I always find
stuff for him. let me find stuff for me.
And he's got this massive, massive,
massive place. I think it's like 15 to
20,000 square feet.
>> Whoa.
>> And he's got it curated for 80s, 90s
toys, just all kinds of stuff. Awesome
clothes. Like, you name it, the guy has
it. And he doesn't really price much,
but like he does bundle deals. He's
coming to the rally. And I've already
told him, I'm like, "Dude, I'll I'll
bring you a good amount of people to
shop through your place if you want to,
you know, move some stuff." And he's
like, "Yeah, absolutely." So,
>> wait. Wow.
>> Did you said he has 15 to 20,000 square
feet? Is that what you said?
>> Uhhuh. Yeah.
>> Cuz I've seen that house. I've seen his
house before on your videos where all
the rooms are like
>> Yeah. So, he's not in the house anymore.
He has like
>> Oh, that guy. I remember that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
>> So, if you go Let me see if I can find
it. His most recent setup is in one of
my videos.
I'll see if I can see what it is. Maybe
you guys can link it or whatever, but
you can check it out. And he's always
getting stuff. He's got um a ton of
connections. All right. So, it's this
video um a month ago. It says he told me
everything is for sale. It's on my
channel. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> One month ago, it says uh
>> I've got it. I'm gonna share it right
now.
>> Yeah. So, you can probably get an idea
of the place,
but yeah, he does have different rooms
set up with like different things. But
yeah, he's just got a ton of stuff. He's
just a great dude. Like, he knows people
got to make money, so he likes moving
stuff at a reasonable price.
>> You got it?
>> Yeah. One second.
>> That would make a good video for you,
too, cuz he does. He never cares if you
film
the
>> store now.
Wow.
>> Yeah. So, his wife in there, too.
>> Look at this crap, dude. And I've been
doing this all with just these two
hands, dude. So, this first room right
here is like the uh like the music, the
jam hole, if you will. You've got a ton
of band t-shirts and all kinds of
musicals, if you will. You know,
>> Wow.
>> Where does he get all this stuff?
>> I know that's some major volume, huh?
>> Uh, pretty much through networking. He
has wow
>> a major and he does a lot on Instagram.
Instagram is his main uh thing where he
advertises.
>> Um but he has people bring him stuff all
the time.
>> Holy cow. Look,
>> that is sick.
>> Yeah, it's it's a crazy amount of stuff
like playing on
>> that welding mask.
>> Two to three hours there. And he'll let
you dig around and
>> film content, do whatever you want to
do.
>> Okay,
>> that's really cool. Yeah,
>> absolutely. I'd like to go see that.
down. I won't turn that down. That's for
sure.
Okay. Now, I'm going to have to be
really picky because I'm probably We're
flying.
>> Huh?
>> Yeah. You can just ship home whatever
you get.
>> Yeah, that's why I'm That's why I'm
saying though. I'm have to be uh have to
be really picky about what we pick up
though. But yeah, I I definitely want to
go I definitely want to go check that
out.
>> Yeah, that'll be fun.
Yeah.
>> Well, I can't wait. I'm excited. I'm
excited.
>> Yeah, it's gonna be a great time.
>> Yeah,
>> me too. So, um
>> Yeah. So, Chris was asking what the
reseller rally is and we we'll go ahead
and sum it up. Um, it's a a two-day
party
where we all get together and
>> actually we make um make in most most
cases I think most people can probably
say they probably made some lifelong
friends at these events if nothing else.
>> Yeah, for sure. And that's that's before
you even talk about, you know, the the
business u business consequences of
these kind of things. Like there's no
telling what can happen.
>> Lifelong friends, lifelong memories. It
will forever be burned in my skull that
Tim over the years had lipstick all over
him with cut up IKEA bags to make a
dress as he uh strutdded down for the
IKEA bag fashion show.
>> We're doing that again, by the way. We
have to
>> Well, John, this is the um this is
episode number seven for us here and we
are in th your episode kicks off what we
think is a
uh we're very excited about the next few
weeks including this one. We've got you
you are a big star for sure, but we've
got even we've got two more shows that
are just going to build on this same
energy. So, uh we really appreciate you
uh both reaching out to me and
immediately agreeing to do the podcast
for us.
>> Yeah. Thanks, John. Really appreciate
it.
>> This was awesome, guys. Seriously. And
I'm excited to see who's coming. You're
just teasing it. You're teasing me.
You're not going to tell me who's
coming.
>> Little hint. Little hint. Yeah, it it's
it's going to be big and and this uh
this podcast is going to be big. So,
>> it's Rockstar Flipper, isn't it? It's
Rockstar Flipper.
>> I wouldn't
I don't know. I don't know if I would
want to do that one or not. And it's
nothing against Casey. Like, I'm I'm
sure he's a great guy or whatever. I
just
I don't know. I wouldn't I'm not gonna
I'm not going to rule it out. You never
know what could happen, right?
>> Ryan has his thumbnail now. Lonnie needs
Rockstar Flipper. That's not true.
That's not true. I just don't know. I
could see I could see me talking to him
for five to 10 minutes,
but I don't know if I could talk to him
for an hour about some things. I don't
know. I don't know how that would go.
But maybe maybe I'm, you know, I'm I'm
leaving it open. We've even entertained
the idea of maybe doing talking to Harry
Tornado for an hour. Anything
can happen on this show. You never know
who's gonna come next.
>> Have you ever talked to Harry Tornado
before?
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. I um
>> How long How long did you talk to him
for? How How long did you talk to him?
>> We've had a few phone calls over the
years
when he was getting started with
YouTube. He was picking my brain and
like
>> trying to get, you know, figure out the
money of it and like if he can make a go
out of it and everything.
>> Yeah. Safe to say he did. But how how
how long did you talk to him for? Like
what's the longest you've ever talked to
Harry Tornado for? One sitting.
>> I don't know, 10 minutes maybe.
>> See, that's the thing. I can like just
about anybody I can say, well, I can
handle 10 minutes of talking to them.
But then once you get out to an hour,
man, that could go bad. So, I don't
know.
>> But that's how you get the that's where
the views are, Lonnie. When it gets a
little messy and off script, that's
where you get the views. Look at Trash
to Cash. They know what they're doing.
They're not afraid to get their hands
dirty.
You got to get your hands dirty for the
people. Lonnie,
>> we will. We will. I just don't know. I
I'm trying to Yeah, there we have a few
leads out there that may come in. We're
just not sure yet. I'll leave it at
that. But we have two we have two really
good shows booked out that are coming up
that we have for sure
>> that people are gonna be really happy
with.
>> All right, guys. Well, thanks for
watching. Thanks, John, once again for
coming in and uh really
>> can't wait to see you in uh can't wait
to see you in Cincinnati and uh yeah,
thanks for watching.
>> See you at the rally. Bye y'all. Bye,
guys. See you.